Welcome to the breakdown where we breakdown allthe messed-up movies! Last Monday you all voted
for Gerald s Game, and so . What do you think I m
stupid?!? Script KIDDIE! 4000 people did not vote,
someone just botted in votes so that Threads
would win Even though it was at the bottom. I
was watching the poll pal! The funny thing is that
Gerald s Game still won. We will get to them all,
don t trip! Gerald s Game is the film adaption to
the Stephen King novel long thought best read.
Jessie and her husband Gerald are ready for
a romantic weekend secluded away. Truth is
that these two have not done anything together in
months, so some handcuffs might spice things up!
It would be a shame if something were to happen to
Gerald, leaving Jessie locked to the bed! Would it
be a shame though? Maybe this is just what Jessie
needs to confront the pains of her life! This
movie is easily on Netflix so if you want to watch
it yourself, go right ahead! If you want to see
what happens, including all the messed-up parts,
stay tuned for the breakdown! Cue the Gohan!
Bring it on home! That is the song playing in the
beginning! A lady is packing her bags along with
her husband! Handcuffs going in too! If police
don t have them, then they must be for knocking
boots (having sex)! They drive through a beautiful
forest. It reminds me of the drive the family did
at the beginning of Funny Games! She s a pretty
lady too, her name is Jessie. Maybe she had a
few spy kids in a previous marriage.
She doesn t like that song playing,
Bring it on home! You can sense a little baggage
she is constantly carrying! Gerald! Watch out for
the dog! He must really be thinking about playing
that game of his! This dog is starving, eating an
opossum. That dog look like he is visiting
Earth. Anyway, the couple reach the cabin.
She goes walking around the beautiful scenery!
Man, as you get older, you can t beat this.
Damn, refrigerator pre-stocked! She
sets out some meat for that stray dog,
but he s not really around right now!
Gerald takes his first Viagra for the
day meanwhile. Oh, never mind that dog is here.
Walking up kind of scary! Gerald scares the mutt
away! It s time for some fine lovin ! They rush
inside for sex but they leave the door wide open.
She gets into her new gown and takes
the tag off on the shelf above the bed.
She wasn t expecting real handcuffs and is
attached to both bed frames. This is the first
time they are doing something like this btw.
She also wasn t expecting Gerald to start a
rape fantasy roleplay. It s a little tough for
her to get into the roleplay and she has to fight
him off. See y all should have organized a safe
word first! Either way, she doesn t like this
at all. They get into an argument. This visit
was to try stuff out, make things more exciting
after he doesn t touch her for months. When
they finally do something, turns out he has some
weird rape fantasy. Seems its getting pretty
common though, but you gotta communicate.
She asks him to unlock the cuffs but he keeps
going! She s gotta kick him away at some points!
We were happy once , but right before he keeps
talking, he s in huge pain! He can t even do
anything but fall out! Gerald s having a heart
attack! Gerald dies leaving her locked to the bed
with no escape! A sex nightmare
from hell! Gerald is dead ma am!
Dead! You better do what George Costanza did,
because it looks like you ll be next in line!
Jessie is hoping it s a joke, but its really
not. He s already at the pearly gates by now.
He hit his head on the way down, confirming he s
dead for real! She s like Oh eff! at this point!
Hours start to pass! Gerald is dead on the
floor, but she hears something creeping
outside! You can recall that they left the door
wide open! So, whatever it is feels invited!
Pitter patter, pitter patter! It s that stray dog
from earlier, looking for seconds of that meat!
Jessie is pretty sarcastic in this situation.
Peter Parker level quips while locked up. That
stray dog is so hungry, that it literally bites
chunks out of Gerald s arm before running away!
It boldly eats the chunks of Gerald right in
front of her! But then this dude Gerald gets up!
Wait! Gerald was alive all along? He s responding
to the bite but he should be in a lot more pain!
But then suddenly he s blaming
her for the dog coming in.
This is Beating Yourself Up 101! Nobody criticizes
themselves better than themselves. When you have
as much baggage as Jessie, it becomes a huge
issue. Jessie is viewing hallucinations of Gerald.
So yes Gerald is dead, but this
Gerald who continuously talks to her,
often in a degrading way is called Inner Gerald
Its almost like a mean therapy session. Using him
to beat herself up and also realizes things about
Gerald that she often ignored. Like for example
maybe Gerald only thought women were good for
one thing. That s putting it in a PBS kids way.
He also taunts her situation to make her feel
hopeless. Or did he! Suddenly she squeezes
her hand out of the cuffs, getting right up to
bread that bed frame off and free her other arm!
Wow that was easy! Not! Jessie just hallucinated
herself breaking free! This is Inner Jessie. Now
both Inner hallucinations are arguing with each
other! It becomes more than just escaping from
a sex misadventure! Jessie is going to be doing a
lot of confronting today as life is on the line!
She s got about three days at best! Talking with
Inner Gerald bides the time as they go through
the ups and downs of their sex life. Who exactly
did I marry was a question made when she realizes
he could only get it up when he chokes her and
stuff like that. Wait, that s not the only way
he got hard! He also used those blue pills! With
a sip of water! She realizes that he left a glass
of water on the shelf above the bed and carefully
gets it off. Sucks that she can t take a drink,
so Inner Jessie tells her to put it back
up for now. Wait the dog! Dang that dog is
hungry again! It s really biting at Gerald
Then Inner Gerald helps her realizes that
she put the tag of her gown on
the bed shelf too. She grabs it
hoping to use it as a straw to get a drink. Very
good thinking! Looks like he s good for something!
Jessie leaves some for later, and the inner couple
guide her to sleep for the next day of survival!
As she sleeps, something is creeping through the
house. Whatever it is, the dog is scared out of
the building! Jessie wakes up seeing that dog
is replaced by a tall creepy figure! Who is this
scary man with his chest full of bones and booty!
Inner Gerald tells her that maybe he isn t real,
maybe he is, but he is the Moonlight Man! The
representation of Jessie s approaching death!
Inner Gerald calls her Mouse at
one point though! Why Mouse?
She then slips to sleep. See, when
Jessie was just a wee lad, her father
called her Mouse. At one point in her childhood,
her family went on a trip out to a lake house.
Instantly we see the father views
Jessie differently than his other kids.
The entire family goes out on a boat leaving Dad
and young Jessie together for eclipse viewing.
This is already getting awkward. A little
too old to be sitting on her dad s lap
who wants to relieve the old days.
Bring it on home plays during. Then
Jessie s father starts jerking off while she
s sitting on his lap. She wakes up from this
abuse nightmare! Jessie has horrid burning
cramps in her arms They need circulation!
Thanks for being so supportive Inner Jessie!
The Inner couple bring us more into the abuse
from her father. They say a lot of people base
their romantic partners on their parents so
Gerald probably fits that dynamic, but do you see
that big ass footprint! That s no hallucination!
Is it? The Moonlight Man might be back tonight!
Jessie soon gets into another nightmare flashback,
right after he masturbated to her. Her father
apologizes and says they should tell mom what
happened. That s not what I was expecting the
father to say! Mom will definitely blame her
for it since she s not a big fan of her for some
reason. Seems like he kind of manipulated her to
come to the choice of not telling anybody but
either way Jessie wakes up from this nightmare
with The Moonlight Man licking her feet!
Turns out in reality it was just the dog!
It bites her feet before she kicks it way!
Tearing off another piece of a nice Gerald cut.
The dog is going to want fresher meat soon, so
she better do something before that dog smells
weakness. This second day of captivity is
almost over! Inner Gerald starts creeping
her out again! Scaring her by saying she ll be
a cold stank corpse with a missing wedding ring
with a bone stolen from her foot by the Moonlight
Man. In another dream, Jessie has a quiet
encounter with herself when she was young. Young
Jessie tells her to remember! Don t remember the
eclipse or the sun, remember what happened after!
Well after her and the father had that talk,
dinner goes weird when Jessie crushes the glass
in her hand. She is wounded but that event gave
her a painful way to get loose from the handcuffs.
It s gonna effing hurt! Jessie and her Inner Self
become a mirror at this point as they both
agree that whatever Jessie is thinking,
it could work. Jessie plans on cutting her
wrist horizontally, using the blood to slip
her hand out of the cuffs. She knows that the
wrists have fewer nerves and it ll be slick.
She knows a lot about cutting wrists.
Okay so fair warning this next part is
going to be pretty harsh for the eyes. Ironically,
this level of metal gore made me flinch more than
Rare: A Dead Person did. Now once she
starts she has to finish it. Jessie
grabs that glass and breaks it like years
before, but sticks a shard into the wood.
She then uses to to slash her wirst. It hurts
a lot and she s not even feeling that much!
She cuts through the skin, and starts pulling her
hand out of the cuff! The cuff starts degloving
her! Literally pulling her skin off her hand!
Yanking and yanking until finally getting it free!
That actually disturbed me pretty good.
That s the kind of stuff I remember
years later. Finally, free by one hand, she
uses her foot to grab the phone, but its dead!
She carries the bed over to the counter and uses
the key to get herself free! Clap It up for Jessie
for making it out! Good work not dying! Right
after wrapping her hand up, she falls out from
the pain and blood loss. She wakes up to the dog
biting her, but she shows the dog who s boss!
Gerald just been a dog treat the past two days.
Anyway Jessie unlocks the car and is almost out,
but sees the dog freaked out. Turns out it s
the Moonlight Man! Jessie confronts him saying
he s only made of Moonlight and gives him
her wedding ring so he leaves him alone!
I don t think he s really made of Moonlight.
Alive and free, Jessie drives off in the car
saying one last goodbye to Inner Gerald.
She proved him wrong a lot tonight.
Jessie is crashing hard though, but she has a
mental escapade, eclipse edition! The Moonlight
Man calls her Mouse in her ear, but in reality,
Jessie passed out behind the wheel and crashed
into a tree. Luckily, she s still alive and
some people in a near by house rush to her help!
Jessie is finally safe, but The Moonlight Man
is following her home. Just a constant reminder
that all she really did escape was from the
handcuffs. As months pass, Jessie starts writing
a letter to her young self Thanking her for
helping older her escape the shackles of silence
and comfort. With the insurance money from
Gerald s death, she starts a foundation for
abused children like her, and isn t silent
about what happened in her childhood anymore.
Still, the Moonlight Man haunts her every night
That is until someone named Raymond Andrew Jourbet
is arrested. Jourbet is a crypt creeper, someone
who vandalized graveyards and stole jewlery from
corpses, along with their eyes, noses and ears.
Not to long before he started having sex
with male corpses too and then he transitioned
to the living. Jourbet suffered from acromegaly
So you know, he had really large hands and arms, a
forehead almost as big as Berleezy s, that kind of
thing. The police found his sister and her husband
scalped and cannibalized, along with a collection
of body parts that would make Ed Gein proud.
So in other words, the Moonlight Man
that Jessie saw while trapped was an actual
serial killer that had snuck in the lake house.
Its just a big coincidence that a serial killer
happened upon a woman trapped in handcuffs
but Jessie assumed he was fake like almost every
other thing she saw. Well that Moonlight Man has
been haunting her for 6 months, and she finally
thinks its time to confront it all through him.
Jessie interrupts the trial of Jourbet..who turns
around saying You re not real, you re only made
of moonlight! Mocking Jessie from 6 months ago. He
literally breaks his confines! Despite the entire
court shitting its pants, Jessie confronts all
the pain through him! Her father, Gerald and then
the Moonlight Man! You re so much smaller than
I remember she says! The movie ends as Jessie
walks out of the court, sliding her sunglasses
on about to go make a few million dollars,
no eclipse in sight! This is how I Spit on
Your Grave should have ended! Jessie had that
strength all along, and I m happy she created the
opportunities to help herself all throughout this
movie! I wanna be like her when I grow up! Now
that we ve gotten through Gerald s Game lets talk
about the most disturbed moment and most enjoyed
moment in that Spooky Stuff! Cue the Gohan!
I ve been waiting to watch this movie! FoundFlix
sensei and spookyastronauts sensei s videos
just had me itching to watch! There are some
differences from the book, but the movie is
a nice adaption for sure. One of my favorites
to watch! The most disturbed moment is easily
Jessie escaping by degloving her hand! Gah lee,
you d think watching Death Documentaries would
make me flinch as much as did scene did! They did
great with this scene, and I m going to remember
it for years! Most enjoyed moment is without a
doubt the ending as Jessie walks in the middle of
the effing street scared of nothing! and sunlight
beaming on her. Happy ending, plus you could play
a whole Mission Complete sound effect over it.
And that s it! This Friday I ll be uploading
the next episodes for Another, and the
anime will be finished by next Monday!
Also next Monday I ll be uploading American
Mary, the true second most voted film! Some
other good films this reminds me of is films
by Lars Von Triar, so try out The House that
Jack Built! A film about the inner workings
of a serial killer! Also check out Bedeviled,
aka Bok-nam Rises! Bok-nam is one of my favorite
characters ever! Thanks for watching, Spooky OUT!